strongswan/doc/pillar.rst, before:

Pillar
======

.. include:: /doc/include/add_pillar.inc

- :doc:`/apt/doc/index` :doc:`/apt/doc/pillar`
- :doc:`/rsyslog/doc/index` :doc:`/rsyslog/doc/pillar`
- :doc:`/ssl/doc/index` :doc:`/ssl/doc/pillar`

sysctl
------

:doc:`/sysctl/doc/index` :doc:`/sysctl/doc/pillar` need to have at least the
following::

  sysctl:
    net.ipv4.ip_forward: 1

Mandatory
---------

Example::

  strongswan:
    ca:
      name: example
      days: 365
      common_name: example-ca
      country: US
      state: California
      locality: Redwood City
      organization: My Company Ltd
      organizational_unit: IT
      email: info@example.com
    secret_types:
      eap:
        user: pass
    rightsourceip_pools:
      - 192.168.10.0/24
    dns_servers:
      - 208.67.222.222

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-name:

strongswan:ca:name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Name of the :ref:`glossary-CA`.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-days:

strongswan:ca:days
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Number of days the :ref:`glossary-CA` will be valid.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-country:

strongswan:ca:country
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Country name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-state:

strongswan:ca:state
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

State or Province Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-locality:

strongswan:ca:locality
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Locality Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-organization:

strongswan:ca:organization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Organization Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-organizational_unit:

strongswan:ca:organizational_unit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Organizational Unit Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-common_name:

strongswan:ca:common_name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The certificate `Common Name <http://info.ssl.com/article.aspx?id=10048>`_.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-email:

strongswan:ca:email
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Email Address that will be put into the :ref:`glossary-CA` certificate's
subject.

.. _pillar-strongswan-secret_types:

strongswan:secret_types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A dict of secret types with key is the type and value is another dict of
username and password.

.. _pillar-strongswan-secret_types-type:

strongswan:secret_types:{{ type }}
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A dict of username and password of the ``{{ type }}`` of secret.

.. _pillar-strongswan-rightsourceip_pools:

strongswan:rightsourceip_pools
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of pools in :ref:`glossary-CIDR` notation.

.. _pillar-strongswan-dns_servers:

strongswan:dns_servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of :ref:`glossary-DNS` servers that will be assigned to peer via
mode-config (IKEv1) or configuration payload (IKEv2).

.. note::

   This list must not include a client named ``server`` which will override
   the server certificate.

Optional
--------

Example::

  strongswan:
    ca:
      bits: 2048
    public_interface: eth0
    clients:
      ios: 456

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-bits:

strongswan:ca:bits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The number of bits in the :ref:`glossary-RSA` key.

Default: ``2048`` bit :ref:`glossary-RSA`.

.. _pillar-strongswan-public_interface:

strongswan:public_interface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The network interface which will be used for connecting from other end.

Default: use the value from :ref:`pillar-network-interface` (``False``).

.. _pillar-strongswan-clients:

strongswan:clients
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Data formed as a dictionary with key is the name of the client certificate and
value is the password of :ref:`glossary-pkcs12` certificate file.

Default: just support Android, no extra clients (``{}``).

Commit message:

erp3207: specify a separated pool for each device In strongSwan 4.x the two IKE protocol versions were handled by two separate IKE daemons. They both have their own state, so if you assign the same IP address pool to the IKEv1 and IKEv2 connection the two daemons will end up assigning the same virtual IP addresses to the clients.

strongswan/doc/pillar.rst, after:

Pillar
======

.. include:: /doc/include/add_pillar.inc

- :doc:`/apt/doc/index` :doc:`/apt/doc/pillar`
- :doc:`/rsyslog/doc/index` :doc:`/rsyslog/doc/pillar`
- :doc:`/ssl/doc/index` :doc:`/ssl/doc/pillar`

sysctl
------

:doc:`/sysctl/doc/index` :doc:`/sysctl/doc/pillar` need to have at least the
following::

  sysctl:
    net.ipv4.ip_forward: 1

Mandatory
---------

Example::

  strongswan:
    ca:
      name: example
      days: 365
      common_name: example-ca
      country: US
      state: California
      locality: Redwood City
      organization: My Company Ltd
      organizational_unit: IT
      email: info@example.com
    secret_types:
      eap:
        user: pass
    rightsourceip:
      android_pools:
        - 192.168.10.0/24
      ios_pools:
        - 192.168.11.0/24
    dns_servers:
      - 208.67.222.222

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-name:

strongswan:ca:name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Name of the :ref:`glossary-CA`.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-days:

strongswan:ca:days
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Number of days the :ref:`glossary-CA` will be valid.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-country:

strongswan:ca:country
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Country name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-state:

strongswan:ca:state
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

State or Province Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-locality:

strongswan:ca:locality
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Locality Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-organization:

strongswan:ca:organization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Organization Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-organizational_unit:

strongswan:ca:organizational_unit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Organizational Unit Name.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-common_name:

strongswan:ca:common_name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The certificate `Common Name <http://info.ssl.com/article.aspx?id=10048>`_.

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-email:

strongswan:ca:email
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Email Address that will be put into the :ref:`glossary-CA` certificate's
subject.

.. _pillar-strongswan-secret_types:

strongswan:secret_types
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A dict of secret types with key is the type and value is another dict of
username and password.

.. _pillar-strongswan-secret_types-type:

strongswan:secret_types:{{ type }}
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A dict of username and password of the ``{{ type }}`` of secret.

.. _pillar-strongswan-rightsourceip-android_pools:

strongswan:rightsourceip:android_pools
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of pools in :ref:`glossary-CIDR` notation that will be used for android
devices.

.. _pillar-strongswan-rightsourceip-ios_pools:

strongswan:rightsourceip:ios_pools
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of pools in :ref:`glossary-CIDR` notation that will be used for iOS
devices.

.. note::

   In :doc:`index` 4.x, two :ref:`glossary-IKE` protocol versions were handled
   by two separate :ref:`glossary-IKE` daemons. They both have their own state,
   so this must be different from
   :ref:`pillar-strongswan-rightsourceip-android_pools`.

.. _pillar-strongswan-dns_servers:

strongswan:dns_servers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

List of :ref:`glossary-DNS` servers that will be assigned to peer via
mode-config (IKEv1) or configuration payload (IKEv2).

.. note::

   This list must not include a client named ``server`` which will override
   the server certificate.

Optional
--------

Example::

  strongswan:
    ca:
      bits: 2048
    public_interface: eth0
    clients:
      ios: 456

.. _pillar-strongswan-ca-bits:

strongswan:ca:bits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The number of bits in the :ref:`glossary-RSA` key.

Default: ``2048`` bit :ref:`glossary-RSA`.

.. _pillar-strongswan-public_interface:

strongswan:public_interface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The network interface which will be used for connecting from other end.

Default: use the value from :ref:`pillar-network-interface` (``False``).

.. _pillar-strongswan-clients:

strongswan:clients
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Data formed as a dictionary with key is the name of the client certificate and
value is the password of :ref:`glossary-pkcs12` certificate file.

Default: just support Android, no extra clients (``{}``).
